DOCSP-16785 the the typo (#3297)
mongodb/docs-realm: temp/kotlin/users/custom-user-data.txt

Manage Custom User Data - Kotlin SDK
====================================

.. meta:: 

>   :description: Learn about custom user data and how to manage it in App Services in Kotlin

Reviewer: same as Flutter, there's a note at the top of the page indicating that you can only currently read custom user data in Kotlin 
```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to read custom user data in an App Services App using Atlas Device SDK for Kotlin.
```

>   :description: Learn how to read custom user data in an App Services App using Atlas Device SDK for Kotlin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to read custom user data in an App Services App using the Atlas Device SDK for Kotlin.
```
